I'll write the question in my hands.
It's because it's too many in the nature of swarming testimony.
If it comes in, you certainly have.
It's a small form.
These are charges.
This isn't sworn testimony.
I would like to ask the chairman again.
Will he call Mr. Carza Witness before we agree to before this vote?
The chair is concerned that he has had many, many times.
I'm not sure if he's going to be able to do that.
Only with sworn testimony.
He does not propose to follow all the newspaper reports on these hearings down to the last map.
But he's entirely convinced that any sworn testimony should be cut to German.
He's taken that position from the very start.
Well, now Mr. Chairman, these hearings are being called because of these charges.
Mr. Carza has stated that the army was blackmailing the committee.
On that basis, doesn't he agree that Mr. Carza should be called before this committee?
May the chair states that none of these charges so called prepared by these entities.
This is due to have been entered in the record of the hearings.
All we have is sworn testimony.
We have provided 20 days, I think, more than 20 days.
Well, may Stephen Adam's ahead to present this.
Mr. Chairman, may I just call to your attention.
You remember my true fault questions when I asked Mr. Stephen's on this very point?
And he denied under oath that such a blackmailing attempt has been made.
I'm sure I asked that. I'll get to look up the record.
Are you going to not permit the others to deny it under oath?
What's the point of asking this question?
There are no sworn testimony that I know on the party.
Neither Mr. Adam nor Mr. Stephen.
No, no, no, no.
It's not even denied under oath.
The charge is not a lying being asked question, but if you'd like that be better to answer them,
it's a kind of a future process to ask you and see.
Well, what if the charges are put to the Secretary's room, the person who made the charges against them,
they give them an opportunity to deny or admit them?
Well, I never heard of such a thing.
The gentlemen, this is a very serious matter.
They look to me as if they're deliberate effort is being made by the majority in this committee
to prevent Frank Carr from taking the stand in order to be examined by the Army.
That is the reason for these hearings.
You didn't have any sworn testimony when you started these hearings and you put the others on the stand.
Now, I'd like to ask a question before this vote, so we'll understand whether this is a slick whitewash.
In my opinion, or not, do you intend to call Mr. Carr before this committee
if it is the request of Army Council that he'd be called in order to give the truth to the people?
Sure, as that he stands ready to reverse any position he takes, provided the Army under oath makes some charges against him.
Well, now, if you say reversed, does that mean that at the present time that I have pleasantly but the present time,
you would vote against calling Mr. Carr as a witness in this case.
On the basis of the favor you'd be producing evidence against him under oath now, the answer is yes.
Well, once the hearings started this chairman on the basis of these allegations,
I don't know what we're here for, but wasn't for the basis of these allegations.
I, when the vast East questions, I assume that the charges made represented the views of the individual to signs of them.
And on the basis of that, I put a lot of questions.
And I think that particularly in this particular situation, we ask the secretary of the Army specifically,
whether the statement referred to by Senator Simon-Ternin, the memorandum of December 9th, or true or false.
And it seemed to me that the other party ought to respond. I just don't understand this at all.
Mr. Chair, this is a very serious amount of Iropese, if I may read from the letter of December 9th, 1953.
Mr. Carr, I just don't know the McCarthy.
What I want to tell you is that I'm getting fed up, where the way the Army is trying to use shine is a hostage to pressure us to stop our hearings on the Army.
Again, today, John Adams came down here after the hearing and using clever phrases trying to find out.
What's there in this for us that he and Steven did something for shine?
And that is in the same memorandum that Iropese.
That he said, I am convinced that they will keep right on trying to blackmail us as long as shine is in the Army.
Now, for 21 days, we've heard the Army trying to defend itself against these charges.
And as I get your position, as chairman of this committee, you are now taking a position that you do not feel at this time that Mr. Carr should be called before this committee in order to get the truth.
Is that correct, sir? Answer your questions. I'm sorry, but it is not correct.
Well, would you say whether you were called Mr. Carr before this committee, before we both, or to make him a principal or not to make him a principal?
Sure, we have to do reiterate the reply he made to the same question a minute ago, he'll give the same answer.
Well, could I hear that, sir? Certainly.
The chair will go to call Mr. Carr if there is substantial evidence, if there is scoring testimony presented against him.
These presentations on behalf of Mr. Adams and Mr. Stevens have been given under oath.
The chair has said he does not propose to pursue newspaper comments about Mr. Hensel or newspaper stories about Mr. Carr or any other newspaper stories, except as oaths desire to make under oaths, which I think charges would have to be answered.
What all a question, Mr. Chairman, on this subject, if I may, sir?
Do you believe that today there has not been enough evidence to justify calling Mr. Carr to fight this memorandum, which was put into evidence by Santa McCarpey, and Mr. Coles and Mr. Carr?
The chair will say more precisely now I hope that he's got a great length sometime ago, but on the basis of this war and testimony of Mr. Stevens and Mr. Adams and the basis of the case that presented on Mr. Wilson, he finds no specific charge of any kind made against Mr. Carr, indicating Mr. Johnson.
He's indicating that he had improperly endeavour to influence the army.
May I call this to the chair's attention?
For in a rather unique situation, the secretary of the army, and I believe Mr. Adams, I put the same question to both, have testified under oath that the allegation by Mr. Carr and the memorandum of December 9th is full.
Well, that may mean that someone is not telling the truth, is the chair going to be, or is this committee going to be in the position, or not going to hear the other side of it?
And may I add this?
May I add this, Mr. Chairman, and it's quite significant. There are two sides in each one of these situations.
First, there's the denial by the principal, and then there's the affirmative charges.
Are you going to deny Mr. Carr's a right to offer proof that Mr. Shine is being held as a hostage?
That's his charge in the memorandum. Is it withdrawn?
Mr. Chairman, I have to say, I think therefore, a number of hours I've been waiting to be called as they were.
And I think, sir, if I could be called as a witness, I'm ready, willing, and able, I hope, sir, to answer.
Frankly, all of the questions which Mr. Shine even and Mr. Jackson have raised about the issues in this case, and I'm ready to do that, and I think there we might say an awful lot of time if I could be permitted to do that.
Mr. Chairman, I ready to vote.
I have, I'm not ready to vote, but I may comment about this matter. I have respect for Mr. Cohn's ability as a lawyer.
And I'm sure that some of these questions he could try to apply, but the plain facts are that Senator Jackson has the Secretary of the Army, whether the charges made by Mr. Carr produced his evidence in this courtroom or in this hearing under oath, for true or false?
And Secretary Steven said they were false, and therefore he has accused Mr. Carr of making false, untruthful statements.
It seems to me absolutely incredible that at this time that we are going to relieve Mr. Carr as a principle in this case, you are a chairman of this committee with a dignity and an integrity of the United States Senate of State,
or not willing to say that regardless of whether he is or is not eliminated as a principle, you will vote with the three Democratic members of this committee to see that he has summoned as a witness.
And I ask you again the deep respect and sincerity, please to say that regardless of whether he is or is not voted out as a principle that you will vote with us to call him as a witness, even if just as a plain and salary witness.
Well, I hope I was true. I am confident again, I am confident, Mr. Senator signings him, that this committee will not at this moment waste to take that second step.
I think I can count both, and I think I have observed Mr. Carr disappearing as a principle in the case.
Certainly there are enough lawyers in this room and in this country who hear my voice, who will know this civil thing, that when he's back in a room in which home says something and Steven says something, we are entitled to have the version of the strong, silent man who's not in listen.
Maybe you help me some, maybe you'll first be some, but his recollection as he sat and listened so perfectly as he did, is material in this carcass.
Nothing Mr. Chairman is more familiar to lawyers than this. That if there is a witness in the control of one party, who could give material evidence and isn't called, the other party may say you may draw the conclusion of the reform and the devil.
If he had been called, he would have hurt the man who didn't call. Everybody knows that so. Now I beg of you, I can take one sad in the heart a day.
I can see Mr. Carr go out as a principle if I have to. Senator Potter, I couldn't believe sir, you were going to announce your vote as you have, but I think you have done so.
May I say badly, gentlemen, that it seems strange to me that being with public and roots of mine, Republican force 64 years with the single exception of ours with whom I admire, the these lips can contend only Democrats, my natural enemies, and that the Republicans whom I love and cherish find my words are just the next.
Mr. Chairman, this is right over there now, there's a new charge against the police.
The film is responsible in public service by letting the country know how we both. No one needs to be solicitous, Mr. Wells.
May I say to my colleagues on the left side of the chairman about my political skin, I have never got to vote in a responsibility.
I think this is a duty on the part of the committee. Mr. Chairman, it's been thoroughly ventilated, I suggest we both.
I will ask one before I vote for the record.
I was a little mixed up about who has signed on the monitor and telephone conversations. I am beginning to think maybe they are disappearing with Mr. Carr.
Would you be good enough to tell the committee who has agreed to put the monitor call into the hearings and who has not as a result of the executive hearing this afternoon.
Chair stated to the best of his recollection immediately after the meeting, what has taken place.
I believe that I am correct in my statement that on the basis of a previous agreement, the telephone calls involving Mr. Carr and Mr. McCarthy and Mr. Colm, I've been delivered to the council.
On the basis of seven signatures made by the seven members of this committee, Mr. Wells has agreed to deliver to the council and meet you in the office of this meeting.
The telephone conversations involving the members of this subcommittee, so that the council tonight will have available all of the transcripts and be able to report back on those that are relevant so that they can be introduced in evidence.
If the chairman, that was not my question. My question was that the agreement was Mr. Wells signed and gave, and I know the three Democratic senators signed it.
I believe I saw you sign it. I would request, if you ask, all the principals if they have signed the member and them that was given us today.
I do not know whether the other senators have one who Republican thought or carries already enough. It was signed by the seven members of this committee by Mr. Adams, Mr. Stevens and by nobody else.
I do not sign by the seven members of the committee. Before we start moving around with the telephone calls, may I ask if you ask the other principals, at least the ones that are here, whether or not they sign the monitor telephone calls.
I think this goes in for the question of getting the evidence based on the vote with respect to Mr. Carr.
I'm getting awfully weary of this filibuster here. Mr. Feiniken knows there's no doubt in his mind that my monitor calls are made available, that the calls are made available, that the entire for made available to Mr. Jenkins.
Mr. Feiniken knows also the intellectual question of day he was there, that it was agreed that all of the monitor calls, for given Mr. Jenkins, Mr. Jenkins needs fast to over those calls, decide which one should be.
Whenever, I just wonder if we couldn't get rid of this filibuster, have a vote, get Mr. Coen, I'm the same, and get some respect, so I've heard so many people saying they want to see Coen and the birthday on the wick that stand on the roof.
I just don't like to see them filibuster off now. The son of earth, may I ask the question? May I ask the question? May I ask the question of the answer?
The question I would like to ask, Santa McCarty, and I honestly don't know it, and I went to the executive session, because whether he assigned a paper along with the rest of us, to put the monitor calls into the record.
You know what I do? I sign a paper three weeks ago allowing Mr. Jenkins to get my monitor calls. You also know that we discussed that in detail over the day, and I wasn't just a director of that, because if you were asking me to, we discussed some other details of the day, but all phone calls to go to Mr. Jenkins.
And after he makes up his mind, we'll make recommendations to the committee of switch wrongs that are properly filed the evidence, but then we meet again, and vote those in evidence that we consider proper.
As I said before, I want all these phone calls in, even if we are presented to many all of them. I think, I think that I will go along, getting even the abbreviated calls in.
And waiting for Mr. Jenkins to get your call, as he has had mine for three weeks. Mr. Wilson's had mine. And I assume that the Wilson's having had them, there's nothing very secret about those phone calls anymore.
Well, can I ask one more question? And that is, Santa, did you sign the paper that the rest of us signed today? No, I signed the phone before you, that's not a paper.
No, that's a different one. That would go to the council. I don't like it. It's probably a record. Santa, let's sign a paper. I did not know it because I was told by the chairman.
Mr. Chairman, and he thought that you had. Let's make it clear now. Mr. Chairman, I'm openly in public. I keep the record straight to the time, but the seven members of the subject of the news, the chair, does like to have the senator from his doing.
Missed that, was that what he said? Mr. Chairman? The chair, the chair, never made his statement of that. I am not. I am not. I am his.
My, my belief is that the chair gave me the impression that everybody had signed today, except Mr. Shine. It was not here.
I suggest I am the director of what the chair and not the public, he did not sign. If I am wrong, I stand corrected.
And I, and I, and I, and I, and I, and I, and I, and I, and I have a few questions. Yes. The answer is I did not sign the documents you signed today.
I signed one three weeks before you did. Now, couldn't this possibly get a vote on this and go on with the hearings?
I think that too. I would like to say that it is for the reason that I didn't sign it some day ago, and that the other democratic members didn't sign it,
was that it was for release to the council only and not to the public as a matter of the record. The statement that was drawn up on Mr. Wells today was a statement that released all the monitor calls for the record to the public.
And I am sorry that I did not understand the executive hearing, and that I did not understand when I asked Chairman what I thought that he said that everybody had signed but private shine.
You will read the record, but I said I said it. I read it for the record. I read it for the record. Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Before you vote, may I be heard for one, wait a minute now. May I be heard for one brief interval.
Okay. I want to make this entirely clear to this committee and the American public before this vote is taken.
Mr. Hensel, regardless of what vote is taken in this committee, stand ready and willing to appear before this committee at any time.
If at any time there is any material introduced in this record, which should affect Mr. Hensel in any in video fashion or purport.
Mr. Hensel will come to this committee and ask to be heard before this committee in no uncertain turn.
Now let's say Mr. Hensel, perhaps you didn't hear him, that if there is evidence introduced under oath against any of these parties, the committee can certainly and will certainly call of it.
These actions are reversible. I always trying to expedite the hearings now, we have made that statement very clearly, accept that.
I want to say one more thing and that is this. I do not want this committee vote and my client does not want this committee vote to be any to be given on any basis that he is seeking to escape from the responsibility for answering any charges of any kind made against.
I want this committee to understand when he votes. If this committee decides that these charges against Mr. Hensel should be dropped at this time and Mr. Hensel vindicated, Mr. Hensel necessarily will accept that vindication.
Mr. Hensel, I want to say that I make no plea to this committee, other than the plea to vote justly and fairly and to give Mr. Hensel whatever right they think should be given to him and none other.
Mr. Hensel, I want to say that I make no plea to this committee, other than the plea to vote justly and to give Mr. Hensel whatever right they think should be given to him and none other.
I want to say that I make no plea to this committee, other than the plea to vote justly and to give Mr. Hensel whatever right they think should be given to him and none other.
Mr. Conn will take the witness stand in spite of the motion it was defeated on the spot the motion is coming.
The car is asked me to tell you that he is regretting to make any plea to him because he makes a position that he will always follow the orders of the chairman of the committee for the year 1.
He will get called by any chairman he will appear not all of the chairman will not get.
Mr. Conn will ask the witness to confer a witness and to give answers to questions.
Mr. Chairman on that point I might say Frank is right downstairs as you know and he can be here in two minutes notice of any time to give us any information which was brought to my heart.
I have one reason that he voted as he did. The escalating series is once again by throwing out the evidence which had not been justified to under hope.
Mr. Hensel and Mr. Car and you get back to the very important work in which I respected your game.
Mr. Hensel in connection with the National Events. Mr. Car in connection with protecting our defense establishments against the infiltration of comments.
I am talking about the commercial. Mr. Hensel, Mr. Chairman, Mr. Conn has now been sworn as the first witness for Senator McCarthy and Mr. Conn joined defenders.
Mr. Hensel, the intercept me I just make one statement before we saw this fire down some certain Senator Chicago.
Mr. Hensel, I said that was respecting Mr. Hensel and I thought it ought to go into the full committee and it's necessary to deploy the Senate.
I want to make it very clear that on the basis of the decision taken by this vote I think this procedure is a white question.
I do not think we will get the truth and therefore I can also thank the question Mr. Car appearing before this committee before the floor of the United States Senate.
Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
I have a way of keeping that show in the road for a while.
Mr. Hensel, Mr. Chairman, we have now officially begun the testimony on the other side.
Mr. Conn having been sworn and taken the witness down. I observe that it is a quarter of five o'clock that is within 15 minutes of quitting time.
Mr. Conn's testimony will necessarily be lengthy. It is my suggestion that we prefer the beginning of the direct examination of Mr. Conn on the road.
Good morning, Siss.
Good morning, sir.
Okay, see you then.
Stand in the lead vessel until 10 o'clock. Come on, way.
Good morning.